Before we move on to our next section let's take a look at what we've done in this section in this section.
We first created a public Cybernet so that we can put our resources put our public resources within
the subnet and then we created a specific group table or a public room table namely for our public routes
for this subnet.
And after that we added the internet gateway that we created earlier to do Schrute table so that we
can have an internet access to the subnet and then we simply associate it our public subnet with this
public route table so that it can use this connection while being accessed from internet or going out
to Internet.
And finally for publicity of our public subnet we allowed people to sign on this public subnet so that
when we launch an issue to resource or any other specific resources within this public subnet they can
assign themselves with a public IP address.
It will be a IP version of four address or IP version 6 address.
This is allowed with the modification of a subnet property.
And finally we created a private subnet but we're going to locate or put our private resources private
machines and anything like that so to move all with our Python and both are three implementation I'll
be seeing you on the next section.